Q. Which Azure Virtual Machine feature staggers updates across VMs based on their update domain and fault domain?
A. Availability sets stagger VM updates based on their update and fault domains.

Q. Which Azure service allows users to use a cloud hosted version of Windows from any location and connect from most modern browsers?
A. Azure Virtual Desktop. Azure Virtual Desktop provides access to a cloud-hosted version of Windows, and it works with most modern browsers.

Q. How many resource groups can a resource be in at the same time?
A. One. A resource can only be in one group at a time.

Q. What happens to the resources within a resource group when an action or setting at the Resource Group level is applied?
A. The setting is applied to current and future resources. Resources inherit permissions from their resource group.

Q. What Azure feature replicates resources across regions that are at least 300 miles away from each other?
A. Region Pairs. Most Azure regions are paired with another region within the same geography (such as US, Europe, or Asia) at least 300 miles away.

Q. What is cloud computing?
A. Delivery of computing services over the internet. Cloud computing is the delivery of computing services over the internet.

Q. Which cloud model uses some datacenters focused on providing cloud services to anyone that wants them, and some data centers that are focused on a single customer?
A. Hybrid cloud The hybrid cloud model is a combination of public cloud and private cloud, using both datacenters dedicated solely to one customer and datacenters that are shared with the public.

Q. According to the shared responsibility model, which cloud service type places the most responsibility on the customer?
A. Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS) - IaaS places the most responsibility on the consumer, with the cloud provider being responsible for the basics of physical security, power, and connectivity.

Q. Which one of the following tasks is the responsibility of a database administrator?
A. Backing up and restoring databases. Database Administrators back up the database and restore it when data is lost or corrupted.

Q. Which role is most likely to use Azure Data Factory to define a data pipeline for an ETL process?
A. Data Engineer Data engineers create data pipelines.

Q. Which single service would you use to implement data pipelines, SQL analytics, and Spark analytics?
A. Azure Synapse Analytics includes native support for data pipelines, SQL, and Spark.

Q. How is data in a relational table organized?
A. Rows and Columns - Structured data is typically tabular data that is represented by rows and columns in a database table.

Q. Which of the following is an example of unstructured data?
A. Audio and Video files - Audio and video files are unstructured data.

Q. What is a data warehouse?
A. A relational database optimized for read operations
That's correct. A data warehouse is a relational database in which the schema is optimized for queries that read data.

